Yeah. Oh, right. He's in my fam.
He is an amazing. yeah
(***)
Alright, I mean, I'm pretty sure they're pretty much the same.
I'm really tired.
I'm just sleepy
But not maybe I slept like 10 hours last night, but I couldn't wake up this morning
Like 1030 yeah, I got about 730 70
But I was trying to catch up on my sleep. We wanted you to go to bed.
Yeah  When did you get up?
Yeah, I had like 10 9 10 hours
And I felt like
I feel like I could've got off, but it's okay.
This is too good.
that was a  (***)
I think you're a morning person. Yeah
a whole day
You mean like water protective?
(***) yeah
Think the hardest thing I'm sorry the hardest thing is actually get
Yeah, like after that, I can't even like...
Physically sit. (***) up
really bad that's how bad wait did you have her loft?
Why don't you get a loft then? Wouldn't that be better?
You know what I mean? (***) followers
That's even more. Yeah
Maybe next year.
Are you sure? Oh! Okay, I guess it doesn't matter.
you
Let me see.
Which is so stupid. What i mean?
(***) option beam
I don't know what our pain beam would be, bro. Like if we did have one, what are we gonna do?
Somewhere else, I guess.
Yeah, I'm just gonna pray that I get like 830
nine something on the first day
Like another building, I guess. But I'm like, That is our plan.
But like, what is our plan B if we can't get a 2x4? Period. Yeah, yeah.
I don't know what else we could do. Honestly, I don't know what we could do.
so where (***)
okay. What do you want me to do?
Yeah, what should we do?
I guess
i think it's harder but i don't think it's as wanted yeah desire that's a word
Because we're going to get a random for the single.
you can't even choose. Oh, 2x5 is a triple. wait
(***)
Oh, I thought i was thinking of one of them having a single. Wait, never mind,
Yeah.
I think we can figure it out after the RSU time comes out. Yeah Okay.
you
What does she do? She studies all day. Do you even go out?
Really? ever
Well Selena like goes out. Alyssa goes out.
who
Really I just want a relationship though Selena
no i think serena gets  i don't think serena needs blind dates
You know what I mean?
Just Rosarina.
okay okay Yeah okay what about it?
What the hell? (***)
Oh, how did it go? really?
Oh Sharon wants like a
Make a what?
why yeah I did not
Yeah, what is that? what is that i mean
oh